README.md, before:

Radiant Stereotype Extension
===

About
---

An extension by [Aissac][aissac] that adds templating support to [Radiant CMS][radiant].

Tested on Radiant 0.7.1 and 0.8.
 
Features
---

* Define named templates (stereotypes) for Pages;
* Templates are assigned per-parent Page, making all children have the defined 'stereotype' by their parent;
* You can specify the new page's parts, filters, layout, page type and status.

Instalation
---

Stereotype Extension has one dependency, the [Radiant Custom Fields Extension][rcfe].

    git submodule add git://github.com/Aissac/radiant-custom-fields-extension.git vendor/extensions/custom_fields

Because Stereotype Extension keeps the settings in the `Radiant::Config` table it is highly recommended to install the [Settings Extension][rse]
  
    git submodule add git://github.com/Squeegy/radiant-settings.git vendor/extensions/settings
    
Finally, install the [Stereotype Extension][rste]

    git submodule add git://github.com/Aissac/radiant-stereotype-extension.git vendor/extensions/stereotype
    
###Note

To get the Radiant 0.7.1 version tag you need to:

    cd vendor/extensions/stereotype/
    git checkout v0.7
    
Configuration
---

To add stereotypes you need to add fields to the Radiant::Config table. There are three types of settings for each stereotype:

1.) Page Parts (and filters)

The key has to look like: `stereotype.<name_of_the_stereotype>.parts` and the value `body:markdown,sidebar:textile`.

2.) Layout

The key has to look like: `stereotype.<name_of_the_stereotype>.layout` and the value has to be the name of a layout (case sensitive)

3.) Page type

The key should look like: `stereotype.<name_of_the_stereotype>.page_type` and the value has to be a valid `class_name` attribute of the Page class. (Examples: ArchivePage, FileNotFoundPage or ArchiveMonthIndexPage)

4.) Status

The key has to look like: `stereotype.<name_of_stereotype>.status` and the value has to be a valid `status` attribute of the page: draft, hidden, reviewed, published

Usage
---

1.) Add stereotypes as described in the configuration section.

2.) Edit/create a new page that has children and select a stereotype from the dropdown labeled "Stereotype". Child pages added to this page will be created with their attributes set by default to the fields you configured.

3.) ...

4.) Profit!

Contributors
---

* Cristi Duma
* Istvan Hoka

[radiant]: http://radiantcms.org/
[aissac]: http://aissac.ro
[rste]: http://blog.aissac.ro/radiant/stereotype-extension
[rcfe]: http://blog.aissac.ro/radiant/custom-fields-extension
[rse]: http://github.com/Squeegy/radiant-settings/tree/master

Commit message:

enable developers to set the stereotype for child pages via the parent page's stereotype

README.md, after:

Radiant Stereotype Extension
===

About
---

An extension by [Aissac][aissac] that adds templating support to [Radiant CMS][radiant].

Tested on Radiant 0.7.1 and 0.8.
 
Features
---

* Define named templates (stereotypes) for Pages;
* Templates are assigned per-parent Page, making all children have the defined 'stereotype' by their parent;
* You can specify the new page's parts, filters, layout, page type and status.

Instalation
---

Stereotype Extension has one dependency, the [Radiant Custom Fields Extension][rcfe].

    git submodule add git://github.com/Aissac/radiant-custom-fields-extension.git vendor/extensions/custom_fields

Because Stereotype Extension keeps the settings in the `Radiant::Config` table it is highly recommended to install the [Settings Extension][rse]
  
    git submodule add git://github.com/Squeegy/radiant-settings.git vendor/extensions/settings
    
Finally, install the [Stereotype Extension][rste]

    git submodule add git://github.com/Aissac/radiant-stereotype-extension.git vendor/extensions/stereotype
    
###Note

To get the Radiant 0.7.1 version tag you need to:

    cd vendor/extensions/stereotype/
    git checkout v0.7
    
Configuration
---

To add stereotypes you need to add fields to the Radiant::Config table. There are three types of settings for each stereotype:

1.) Page Parts (and filters)

The key has to look like: `stereotype.<name_of_the_stereotype>.parts` and the value `body:markdown,sidebar:textile`.

2.) Layout

The key has to look like: `stereotype.<name_of_the_stereotype>.layout` and the value has to be the name of a layout (case sensitive)

3.) Page type

The key should look like: `stereotype.<name_of_the_stereotype>.page_type` and the value has to be a valid `class_name` attribute of the Page class. (Examples: ArchivePage, FileNotFoundPage or ArchiveMonthIndexPage)

4.) Status

The key has to look like: `stereotype.<name_of_stereotype>.status` and the value has to be a valid `status` attribute of the page: draft, hidden, reviewed, published

5.) Stereotype

The key has to look like: `stereotype.<name_of_stereotype>.stereotype` and the value has to be a valid stereotype.

Usage
---

1.) Add stereotypes as described in the configuration section.

2.) Edit/create a new page that has children and select a stereotype from the dropdown labeled "Stereotype". Child pages added to this page will be created with their attributes set by default to the fields you configured.

3.) ...

4.) Profit!

Contributors
---

* Cristi Duma
* Istvan Hoka

[radiant]: http://radiantcms.org/
[aissac]: http://aissac.ro
[rste]: http://blog.aissac.ro/radiant/stereotype-extension
[rcfe]: http://blog.aissac.ro/radiant/custom-fields-extension
[rse]: http://github.com/Squeegy/radiant-settings/tree/master
